Update README about method definition support (#2047)
Shopify/ruby-lsp: README.md

- Completion for classes, modules, constants and require paths
- Fuzzy search classes, modules and constants anywhere in the project and its dependencies (workspace symbol)

> Adding method support for completion, hover and workspace symbol is planned, but not yet completed.

Reviewer: We're close, but definition isn't fully there just yet:

```suggestion
Method support for definition, completion, hover and workspace symbol is partially supported, but not yet complete. Follow progress in https://github.com/Shopify/ruby-lsp/issues/899
```
